Add guide for TLS Route in site (#2363)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: site/content/how-to/traffic-management/tls-passthrough-routing.md

> ---

Reviewer: Let's just name the file `tls-passthrough.md`.

title: "TLS Passthrough"
weight: 600
toc: true

> docs: "DOCS-1421"

Reviewer: I think this should just be DOCS-000.

Reviewer 2: Saylor is correct.

---

> Learn how to passthrough TLS connection using NGINX Gateway Fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to passthrough TLS connections using NGINX Gateway Fabric.
```

EOF
```

This will create the **secure-app** service and a deployment. Run the following command to verify the resources were created:

```shell
kubectl get pods,svc
```

> Your output should include the **secure-app** pod and the **secure-app** service:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output should include the **secure-app** pod and the **secure-app** service:
```

```text
NAME                              READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
pod/secure-app-575785644-kzqf6    1/1     Running     0          12s

NAME                  TYPE        CLUSTER-IP        EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
service/secure-app    ClusterIP   192.168.194.152   <none>        8443/TCP   12s
```

> Next, let's create a gateway. This will create TLS listener with the hostname *.example.com. Copy paste this into your terminal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a gateway. This will create TLS listener with the hostname *.example.com. Copy paste this into your terminal.
```

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Gateway
metadata:
  name: gateway
  namespace: default
spec:
  gatewayClassName: nginx
  listeners:
  - name: tls
    port: 443
    protocol: TLS
    hostname: "*.example.com"
    allowedRoutes:
      namespaces:
        from: All
      kinds:
        - kind: TLSRoute
    tls:
      mode: Passthrough
EOF
```

> Finally, let's create a TLS Route. This will reference our service and the gateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a TLS Route, reference the service and the gateway.
```

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2
kind: TLSRoute
metadata:
  name: tls-secure-app-route
  namespace: default
spec:
  parentRefs:
  - name: gateway
    namespace: default
  hostnames:
  - "cafe.example.com"
  - "app.example.com"
  rules:
  - backendRefs:
    - name: secure-app
      port: 8443
EOF
```

> ## Send Traffic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Send traffic
```

> Using the external IP address and port for NGINX Gateway Fabric, we can send traffic to our coffee application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the external IP address and port for NGINX Gateway Fabric, send traffic to the coffee application.
```

{{< note >}}If you have a DNS record allocated for `cafe.example.com`, you can send the request directly to that hostname, without needing to resolve.{{< /note >}}

> To test that NGINX sends an HTTPS redirect, we will send requests to the `secure-app` service on the HTTPS port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test that NGINX sends an HTTPS redirect, send a request to the `secure-app` service on the HTTPS port.
```
